This package provides a KCL application which implements the multi language protocol. The multi language protocol
  defines a system for communication  between a KCL multi-lang application and another process (referred to as the
  "child process") over STDIN and STDOUT of the child process. The units of communication are JSON messages which
  represent the actions the receiving entity should perform. The child process is responsible for reacting
  appropriately to four different messages: initialize, processRecords, checkpoint, and shutdown. The KCL multi-lang
  app is responsible for reacting appropriately to two messages generated by the child process: status and checkpoint.
 
  Action messages sent to child process
 
 ``` 
  { "action"  : "initialize",
    "shardId" : "string",
  }
 
  { "action"  : "processRecords",
    "records" : [{  "data" : "&lt;base64encoded_string&gt;",
                    "partitionKey" : "&lt;partition key&gt;",
                     "sequenceNumber" : "&lt;sequence number&gt";
                }] // a list of records
  }
 
  { "action"     : "checkpoint",
    "checkpoint" : "&lt;sequence number&gt;",
    "error"      : "&lt;NameOfException&gt;"
  }
 
  { "action" : "shutdown",
    "reason" : "&lt;TERMINATE|ZOMBIE&gt;"
  }
```
  
 
Action messages sent to KCL by the child process


``` 
  { "action" : "checkpoint",
    "checkpoint" : "&lt;sequenceNumberToCheckpoint&gt";
  }
 
  { "action" : "status",
    "responseFor" : "&lt;nameOfAction&gt";
  }
  ```
 
 
  High Level Description Of Protocol
 
  The child process will be started by the KCL multi-lang application. There will be one child process for each shard
  that this worker is assigned to. The multi-lang app will send an initialize, processRecords, or shutdown message upon
  invocation of its corresponding methods. Each message will be on a single line, the messages will be
  separated by new lines.The child process is expected to read these messages off its STDIN line by line. The child
  process must respond over its STDOUT with a status message indicating that is has finished performing the most recent
  action. The multi-lang daemon will not begin to send another message until it has received the response for the
  previous message.
 
  Checkpointing Behavior
 
  The child process may send a checkpoint message at any time <b>after</b> receiving a processRecords or shutdown
  action and <b>before</b> sending the corresponding status message back to the processor. After sending a checkpoint
  message over STDOUT, the child process is expected to immediately begin to read its STDIN, waiting for the checkpoint
  result message from the KCL multi-lang processor.
 
  Protocol From Child Process Perspective
 
  Initialize
 
  
  Read an "initialize" action from STDIN
  Perform initialization steps
  Write "status" message to indicate you are done
  Begin reading line from STDIN to receive next action
  
 
  ProcessRecords
 
  
  Read a "processRecords" action from STDIN
  Perform processing tasks (you may write a checkpoint message at any time)
  Write "status" message to STDOUT to indicate you are done.
  Begin reading line from STDIN to receive next action
  
 
  Shutdown
 
  
  Read a "shutdown" action from STDIN
  Perform shutdown tasks (you may write a checkpoint message at any time)
  Write "status" message to STDOUT to indicate you are done.
  Begin reading line from STDIN to receive next action
  
 
  Checkpoint
 
  
  Read a "checkpoint" action from STDIN
  Decide whether to checkpoint again based on whether there is an error or not.
  
 
  Base 64 Encoding
 
  The "data" field of the processRecords action message is an array of arbitrary bytes. To send this in a JSON string
  we apply base 64 encoding which transforms the byte array into a string (specifically this string doesn't have JSON
  special symbols or new lines in it). The multi-lang processor will use the Jackson library which uses a variant of
  MIME called MIME_NO_LINEFEEDS <a href=
  "http://fasterxml.github.io/jackson-core/javadoc/2.3.0/com/fasterxml/jackson/core/class-use/Base64Variant.html">(see
  Jackson doc for more details)</a> MIME is the basis of most base64 encoding variants including <a
  href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3548.html">RFC 3548</a> which is the standard used by Python's <a
  href="https://docs.python.org/2/library/base64.html">base64</a> module.